c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\gestionecole.exe.config
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\gestionecole.exe
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\gestionecole.pdb
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Design.dll
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.exe
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.pdb
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.pdb
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.dashbord.resources
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.etudiant.resources
c:\users\cheikh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.mainf.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.professeurs.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.emploits.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.devoir.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.exam.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.payments.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.printrc.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.Formrecu.resources
C:\Users\cheikh\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\gestionecole\gestionecole\obj\Debug\gestionecole.login.resources
